io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/zoomlevel/ZoomUtils.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.zoomlevel.ZoomUtils
io/flutter/plugins/camera/DartMessenger.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger$1
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger$2
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger$3
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger$4
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger$5
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger$CameraEventType
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger$DeviceEventType
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/fpsrange/FpsRangeFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.fpsrange.FpsRangeFeature
io/flutter/plugins/camera/CameraPermissions.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraPermissions
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraPermissions$CameraRequestPermissionsListener
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraPermissions$PermissionsRegistry
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraPermissions$ResultCallback
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/focuspoint/FocusPointFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.focuspoint.FocusPointFeature
io/flutter/plugins/camera/CameraRegionUtils.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraRegionUtils
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraRegionUtils$1
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraRegionUtils$MeteringRectangleFactory
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraRegionUtils$SizeFactory
io/flutter/plugins/camera/media/MediaRecorderBuilder.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.media.MediaRecorderBuilder
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.media.MediaRecorderBuilder$MediaRecorderFactory
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/flash/FlashMode.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.flash.FlashMode
io/flutter/plugins/camera/CameraPlugin.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraPlugin
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/zoomlevel/ZoomLevelFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.zoomlevel.ZoomLevelFeature
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/noisereduction/NoiseReductionFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.noisereduction.NoiseReductionFeature
io/flutter/plugins/camera/ImageSaver.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.ImageSaver
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.ImageSaver$Callback
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.ImageSaver$FileOutputStreamFactory
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/CameraFeatureFactoryImpl.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.CameraFeatureFactoryImpl
io/flutter/plugins/camera/CameraUtils.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraUtils
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraUtils$1
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/sensororientation/SensorOrientationFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.sensororientation.SensorOrientationFeature
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/Point.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.Point
io/flutter/plugins/camera/CameraCaptureCallback.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraCaptureCallback
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraCaptureCallback$1
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraCaptureCallback$CameraCaptureStateListener
io/flutter/plugins/camera/types/CameraCaptureProperties.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.types.CameraCaptureProperties
io/flutter/plugins/camera/CameraProperties.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraProperties
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraPropertiesImpl
io/flutter/plugins/camera/types/ResolutionPreset.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.types.ResolutionPreset
io/flutter/plugins/camera/Camera.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$1
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$2
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$3
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$4
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$5
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$6
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$DefaultCameraDeviceWrapper
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$HandlerFactory
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$HandlerThreadFactory
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraDeviceWrapper
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.ErrorCallback
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/CameraFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.CameraFeature
io/flutter/plugins/camera/types/CaptureTimeoutsWrapper.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.types.CaptureTimeoutsWrapper
io/flutter/plugins/camera/types/ExposureMode.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.types.ExposureMode
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/resolution/ResolutionPreset.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.resolution.ResolutionPreset
io/flutter/plugins/camera/types/Timeout.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.types.Timeout
io/flutter/plugins/camera/CameraState.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraState
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/sensororientation/DeviceOrientationManager.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.sensororientation.DeviceOrientationManager
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.sensororientation.DeviceOrientationManager$1
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.sensororientation.DeviceOrientationManager$2
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/exposurepoint/ExposurePointFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.exposurepoint.ExposurePointFeature
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/CameraFeatures.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.CameraFeatures
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/resolution/ResolutionFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.resolution.ResolutionFeature
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.resolution.ResolutionFeature$1
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/CameraFeatureFactory.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.CameraFeatureFactory
io/flutter/plugins/camera/types/FlashMode.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.types.FlashMode
io/flutter/plugins/camera/BuildConfig.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.BuildConfig
io/flutter/plugins/camera/types/FocusMode.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.types.FocusMode
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/exposurelock/ExposureMode.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.exposurelock.ExposureMode
io/flutter/plugins/camera/CameraZoom.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraZoom
io/flutter/plugins/camera/MethodCallHandlerImpl.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.MethodCallHandlerImpl
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/autofocus/AutoFocusFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.autofocus.AutoFocusFeature
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.autofocus.AutoFocusFeature$1
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/autofocus/FocusMode.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.autofocus.FocusMode
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/noisereduction/NoiseReductionMode.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.noisereduction.NoiseReductionMode
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/exposurelock/ExposureLockFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.exposurelock.ExposureLockFeature
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/exposureoffset/ExposureOffsetFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.exposureoffset.ExposureOffsetFeature
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/flash/FlashFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.flash.FlashFeature
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.flash.FlashFeature$1
